Let’s look at the most popular Google Dorks and what they do.

    cache: this dork will show you the cached version of any website, e.g. cache: securitytrails.com
    allintext: searches for specific text contained on any web page, e.g. allintext: hacking tools
    allintitle: exactly the same as allintext, but will show pages that contain titles with X characters, e.g. allintitle:"Security Companies"
    allinurl: it can be used to fetch results whose URL contains all the specified characters, e.g: allinurl client area
    filetype: used to search for any kind of file extensions, for example, if you want to search for jpg files you can use: filetype: jpg
    inurl: this is exactly the same as allinurl, but it is only useful for one single keyword, e.g. inurl: admin
    intitle: used to search for various keywords inside the title, for example, intitle:security tools will search for titles beginning with “security” but “tools” can be somewhere else in the page.
    inanchor: this is useful when you need to search for an exact anchor text used on any links, e.g. inanchor:"cyber security"
    intext: useful to locate pages that contain certain characters or strings inside their text, e.g. intext:"safe internet"
    link: will show the list of web pages that have links to the specified URL, e.g. link: microsoft.com
    site: will show you the full list of all indexed URLs for the specified domain and subdomain, e.g. site:securitytrails.com
    *: wildcard used to search pages that contain “anything” before your word, e.g. how to * a website, will return “how to…” design/create/hack, etc… “a website”.
    |: this is a logical operator, e.g. "security" "tips" will show all the sites which contain “security” or “tips,” or both words.
    +: used to concatenate words, useful to detect pages that use more than one specific key, e.g. security + trails
    –: minus operator is used to avoiding showing results that contain certain words, e.g. security -trails will show pages that use “security” in their text, but not those that have the word “trails.”

For this kind of dork we can combine two Google operators, allintext and filetype, for example:

allintext:username filetype:log

This will show a lot of results that include username inside all *.log files.


ulnerable web servers

The following Google Dork can be used to detect vulnerable or hacked servers that allow appending “/proc/self/cwd/” directly to the URL of your website.

inurl:/proc/self/cwd

With the following dork, you’ll be able to explore public FTP servers, which can often reveal interesting things.

intitle:"index of" inurl:ftp

n this case, we can use a simple dork to fetch SSH usernames from PUTTY logs:

filetype:log username putty

Live cameras

Have you ever wondered if your private live camera could be watched not only by you but also by anyone on the Internet?

The following Google hacking techniques can help you fetch live camera web pages that are not restricted by IP.

Here’s the dork to fetch various IP based cameras:

inurl:top.htm inurl:currenttime

To find WebcamXP-based transmissions:

intitle:"webcamXP 5"

And another one for general live cameras:

inurl:"lvappl.htm"

There are a lot of live camera dorks that can let you watch any part of the world, live. You can find education, government, and even military cameras without IP restrictions.




